First we have to edit our web server. Set the IP to whatever you want, using nmtui.
As well, set hostname to web01-name.name.local
To create the Sudo user, use useradd (name) and passwd (name). Save the password somewhere.
Make that user an admin by typing usermod -aG wheel (name).
Next, we need to go to our workstation to pfsense to enable SNMP services on the router.
Under services on the dashboard page, click SNMP.
Enable the Daemon and make sure to bind SNMP to the LAN interface.
For the community string, use something other than public or private.
Restart the service on the firewall by going into the pfsense shell and using snmpd restart.
Now for nmon, do the nmtui shtick again but also add your domain to the search domain.
Add a sudo user to nmon as well.
Install snmp on nmon with sudo yum install net-snmp-utils.
Remember, when using ssh, always use PuTTY, because Powershell is a weird mistress.
Install snmp on web with sudo yum install net-snmp-utils net-snmp.
Next, back up /etc/snmp/snmpd.conf and remove it.
Using a text editor of your choice, write a new one. Here should be the only four lines in it.
com2sec myNetwork (your full ip ending with .0 to capture the full network) (community string)
group myROGroup v2c myNetwork
view all included .1 80
access myROGroup "" anynoauth exact all none none
This should be a fine configuration, but if you know what you're doing than change it however.
Allow port 161 and udp OR snmp using firewall-cmd --permanent --add-port=161/udp.
Restart the console before testing to prevent spending lots of time figuring out why the server is timing out.
Next, on our management server, install the SNMP service through features on Server Manager onto Active Directory.
Make sure to also have the SNMP remote management features on management.
When trying to connect using Computer Management to Active Directory, you'll likely get an error.
To fix it, go to powershell in AD or powershell into AD via the management server, and type the following:
Set-NetFirewallRule -DisplayGroup "Remote Event Log Management" -Enabled True
Anyway, try Computer Management again. Under Services and Applications > Services > SNMP Service Properties
Under the security tab, add your community string and add the nmon host to the list of hosts to accept packets from.
Restart the service on AD, and it should work. Any timeouts are likely not allowing nmon to look at it.

I was unfamiliar with what SNMP was before this but boy howdy *did I learn.*
The community string is basically a password/public key, and should be configured as the default string is "public."
SNMP is actually pretty unsecure if you take liberties. Like on the windows end, I found an option to allow *any* host through, as long as they have the key, which is a preeeeeetty big violation.
I also didn't learn much about traps until I looked into them, except that they should be enabled at basically all times, to create a sort of threshold to communicate to the management system.
